HW01 Report
1. Violating principle of Encapsulation:
Summary : Different aspects or concerns should be separated, decoupled, modularized, for better
extensibility, security, and maintenance.
Issue : This cold has no clue of encapsulation. Display, logic, and data are totally mixed up, all
crammed into single class.
Fix: Separate codes into components of Model, View and Controller, based on their functionalities.
Separate data and logic.
2. No proper Information Hiding
Summary : Information Hiding is to reveal as little information about internals as possible, to segregate
public interface and implementation details, and to reduce complexity, so that the code is more robust,
extensible, and secure.
Issue : The first impression is this software does not follow the encapsulation principle at all.
Everything is public can be accessed with an access to the instance and all details are exposed to
external users.
Fix:
3. Violating Open/Closed principle
Summary: A good practice that follows Open/Closed principle should be open to extension and closed
for modification. In this way, code re-usage can be increased and the code more robust and extensible.
Issue : Obviously any piece of code, for example, all variables are public, access to an instance of the
class means access to any variable and all variables can be freely modified. And since the code is not
modularized at all, it’s very hard to extend any functionality without rewrite much of the code.
Probably you have to go through the forest of the constructor to make any changes.
Fix :
Adopt Aspect-Oriented Programming, that is, modularize each components and expose only the
necessary API to external users, so that new modules can be plugged in according to exposed API, and
an external user has no means to modify internal implementations.
4. No inheritance or composition or aggregation
Summary: Inheritance, composition and aggregation make the code more re-usable, and more
structured, good for extension and maintenance. Usually composition/aggregation should come over
inheritance as they offer more flexibility and configurability.
Issue: This TicTacToe implementation has no inheritance composition or aggregation at all
Fix: The View component can be a composition of display units.

Implementation:
Using a different visualization (View) for the game board without changing the model or the
controllers.
Using a different data representation (Model) without changing the view or the controllers.
Reading game moves from other sources (e.g., reading from the command line).
These 3 are fulfilled in my re-implementation which follows a decoupled MVC paradigm.
The first 2 can be done as :
In the new implementation, View is just the displaying units like Jpanel Jbutton and such and their
initializations and some getter functions(to communicate with Model) ; Model is storing data,
specifically game state and reset. Controller is just listeners to View via Model.
The last 1:
Adding move sequence as a state to the Model or simply call click() on a specific cell based on the
input.